Core tracing APM agent configuration docs (#23616)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/configuration/java-agent-configuration-config-file.mdx

    ```yaml
    distributed_tracing:
      sampler:
        partial_granularity:
          enabled:  true
    ```

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="dt-sampler-partial-granularity-type"
    title="sampler.partial_granularity.type"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            String
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            `essential`
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

Sets the partial granularity mode. See [Understanding the three modes](/docs/distributed-tracing/configure-partial-granularity-tracing#modes) for details. Options:
    - reduced
    - essential
    - compact

    ```yaml
    distributed_tracing:
      sampler:
        partial_granularity:
          enabled: true

>           type:  essential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          type: essential
```

    ```

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="dt-sampler-root"
    title="sampler...root"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            String
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            `adaptive`
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

>     This is the sampler that is applied at the beginning of a trace (when no parent span was received by an upstream entity). By default, the Adaptive sampler is configured as the root sampler. These are configurable separately both for full granularity (under the main `sampler` config node) as well as for partial granularity (under the `sampler.partialy_granularity` config node).  The possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the sampler that is applied at the beginning of a trace in the case when an upstream entity has not received a parent span. By default, the Adaptive sampler is configured as the root sampler. These are configurable separately both for full granularity (under the main `sampler` config node) as well as for partial granularity (under the `sampler.partialy_granularity` config node).  The possible values:
```

      </tbody>
    </table>

>     This option defines how the agent should handle sampling spans when their parent span from an upstream entity was sampled. For example, setting remote_parent_sampled: always_on means the agent will always sample anything sampled by an upstream entity, until the sampling reservoir is full. These are configurable separately both for full granularity (under the main `sampler` config node) as well as for partial granularity (under the `sampler.partialy_granularity` config node).  The possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This option defines how the agent should handle sampling spans when their parent span from an upstream entity was sampled. For example, setting `remote_parent_sampled: always_on` means the agent will always sample anything sampled by an upstream entity, until the sampling reservoir is full. These are configurable separately both for full granularity (under the main `sampler` config node) as well as for partial granularity (under the `sampler.partialy_granularity` config node).  The possible values are:
```
